Gantt: update Getting started tutorial (#5852)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/Gantt/00 Getting Started with Gantt/20 Bind the Gantt to Data.md

> - The 'id' and 'parentId' fields should not have the same value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 'id' and 'parentId' fields should not have the same value.
```

> - If your first (root) task 'parentId' differs from 0, specify the [rootValue](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxGantt/Configuration/#rootValue). For example, if the root task 'parentId' is -1, set the **rootValue** to -1.  

Reviewer 2: You do not name a new value directly in the current context, therefore, your sentence suggests that one should specify at least **some** root value. As you can see, this fact makes this case indefinite.

Second...

> set the **rootValue** to -1.

Something is amiss here -- we used a definite article with a proper noun. We have two possible solutions here:

1. Remove the definite article and be done with it.
2. Add a simple noun after the proper noun `rootValue`.

```suggestion
- If your first (root) task 'parentId' differs from 0, specify a [rootValue](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxGantt/Configuration/#rootValue). For example, if the root task 'parentId' is -1, set the **rootValue** property to -1.  
```

> - If your first (root) task 'parentId' differs from 0, specify a [rootValue](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxGantt/Configuration/#rootValue). For example, if the root task 'parentId' is -1, set the **rootValue** property to -1.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If your first (root) task 'parentId' value is not 0, specify a [rootValue](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxGantt/Configuration/#rootValue). For example, if the root task 'parentId' is -1, set the **rootValue** property to -1.  
```

[/note]

> The example below illustrates how to bind the Gantt UI component to the data sources that contain the same field names as the UI component uses in its internal binding settings. If your data sources' field names differ from the standard field names, use the **[dataField]Expr** expressions, listed in the API section of [tasks](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxGantt/1%20Configuration/tasks '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxGantt/Configuration/tasks/'), [resources](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxGantt/1%20Configuration/resources '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxGantt/Configuration/resources/'), [resource assignments](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxGantt/1%20Configuration/resourceAssignments '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxGantt/Configuration/resourceAssignments/') and [dependencies](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxGantt/1%20Configuration/dependencies '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxGantt/Configuration/dependencies/').

Reviewer 2: > If your data sources' field names differ from the standard field names

A hanging apostrophe cannot be good. We agreed to never use them -- moreover, it's always easy to rewrite a sentence that would require it.

```suggestion
The example below illustrates how to bind the Gantt UI component to the data sources that contain the same field names as the UI component uses in its internal binding settings. If field names of your data sources differ from the standard field names, use the **[dataField]Expr** expressions listed in the API section of [tasks](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxGantt/1%20Configuration/tasks '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxGantt/Configuration/tasks/'), [resources](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxGantt/1%20Configuration/resources '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxGantt/Configuration/resources/'), [resource assignments](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxGantt/1%20Configuration/resourceAssignments '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxGantt/Configuration/resourceAssignments/'), and [dependencies](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxGantt/1%20Configuration/dependencies '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxGantt/Configuration/dependencies/').
```

P.S. Mind the punctuation.

> The example below illustrates how to bind the Gantt UI component to the data sources that contain the same field names as the UI component uses in its internal binding settings. If field names of your data sources differ from the standard field names, use the **[dataField]Expr** expressions listed in the API section of [tasks](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxGantt/1%20Configuration/tasks '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxGantt/Configuration/tasks/'), [resources](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxGantt/1%20Configuration/resources '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxGantt/Configuration/resources/'), [resource assignments](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxGantt/1%20Configuration/resourceAssignments '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxGantt/Configuration/resourceAssignments/'), and [dependencies](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxGantt/1%20Configuration/dependencies '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxGantt/Configuration/dependencies/').

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The example below illustrates how to bind the Gantt UI component to data sources that contain the same field names as those the UI component uses in its internal binding settings. If field names of your data sources differ from the standard field names, use the **[dataField]Expr** expressions listed in the API section of [tasks](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxGantt/1%20Configuration/tasks '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxGantt/Configuration/tasks/'), [resources](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxGantt/1%20Configuration/resources '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxGantt/Configuration/resources/'), [resource assignments](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxGantt/1%20Configuration/resourceAssignments '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxGantt/Configuration/resourceAssignments/'), and [dependencies](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxGantt/1%20Configuration/dependencies '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxGantt/Configuration/dependencies/').
```
